5. The world record for eating hot dogs and buns in 10 minutes is 59. Chuck Norris can eat 200, followed by 3 kegs of beer.
0. Chuck Norris invented black, in fact,, he invented every color except for pink. Tom Cruise invented pink
6. The original title of walking dead was zombie and human vs. Chuck Norris.the reason it ended was because it was 1 episode and 12 seconds long
3. Chuck Norris entered the dragon from behind
10. Chuck Norris can't play LIFE. his is too complicated
2. mumbai streets are flooded again. why is Chuck Norris crying today?
29. Chuck Norris is the only man ever to simultaneously score an Ippon in judo, put his opponent in checkmate and give a woman multiple orgasms with oral sex.
19. Chuck Norris never had a condom, thus the glad force flex bag was invented.
24. Chuck Norris could tell you his secret, but theres 1 requirement. You must die.
8. If you fight against Chuck Norris, there is no retreat and no surrender. You're dead before you can do either.
9. God created Chuck Norris because Chuck Norris allowed him.
4. People say it's better to lucky than good. Chuck Norris doesn't believe in luck. He's good at everything.
27. There are two meanings for The Rock: 1) Professional wrestler Dwayne Johnson, and 2) Chuck Norris' dick.
26. we all know that the hulk is green..with envy, because he knows Chuck Norris can kick his fucking ass
1. When Chuck Norris was Born, the whole Hospital cried.
33. Local mountain lions have been complaining about the recent string of Chuck Norris attacks.
25. When Chuck Norris tells you a joke, your sides will literally split. That's why he stands back a bit when he tells it, so nothing splashes onto his boots.
32. Chuck Norris is the ultimate mutex, all threads fear him.
12. Chuck Norris beated on the ground and now we have bricks
15. Chuck Norris' face is on the One Billion Dollar Bill, which only he owns.
13. Chuck Norris can give a Ninntendo Gameboy a sex-change and create a Gamegirl.
34. Chuck Norris has it his way, at McDonalds
7. Nike says, 'Just Do It'. Chuck Norris says, 'shut the fuck up, boy'.
18. Many a class 5 Oklahoma tornado were started when Chuck Norris was preparing to lasso a steer.
28. Chuck Norris can play Xbox Kinect games on his PlayStation4 and PlayStation Move games on his Xbox 720.
31. Chuck Norris was in the Congo and encountered a cannibal. With one piercing look from his steely eyes, Chuck turned him into a vegetarian. Permanently.
22. Chuck Norris once punched through a titanium wall so fast his arm caught fire.
21. There were originally 11 commandments. Unfortunately Moses did not catch the last. 'Thou shalt not fuck with Chuck Norris.'
11. Chuck Norris regularly smashes open his computer to eat the cookies within.
14. Chuck Norris kills the elephant in the room.
17. The Father, Son, and Holy Ghost exist because Chuck Norris ripped God into three separate entities.
16. Chuck Norris demands a 29th day of February every 4 years. We call this leap year. It's true name is leapspinkick year.
20. Chuck Norris can tell Simon what to do.
30. Chuck Norris has slept with over 4,000 women. And of course by 'slept', he means Norrised.
23. What happens between you and Chuck Norris stays between you and Chuck Norris
